---
layout: post
title:  "It's Happening!"
date:   2016-08-22 16:07:00 +0200
---

We have known for a while, but it's official now: **we're getting married next
summer!** :) <3

The wedding will be on July 15th, 2016 in Golling (the village where Stephan
grew up). To those invited: we suggest you subscribe to the
[calendar](http://stephan.kim/calendar) in order to stay up to date (we'll use
this calendar to schedule all dates and locations of the wedding).

This post serves mainly as an early guide for those invited.

## The Location

The wedding will be in Golling's own castle, and the party will be at the
Berggasthof Bachrain restaurant.

### Wedding

TODO pics

### Party

TODO pics

## Golling

### How to Get There?

 - **Train:** Take a train to Salzburg, and catch a connection from there to
     Golling. There are several trains per hour. You can use this form to find a
     connection, the train station is called "Golling Abtenau": <a href="http://fahrplan.oebb.at/bin/query.exe/en?" target="_blank">fahrplan.oebb.at</a>.

 - **Plane:** Salzburg Airport (SZG) is the closest airport. You can take a bus
     from there to Salzburg central station (german: ''Salzburg Hauptbahnhof'')
     and reach Golling by train, but there are also Taxis (although we don't
     know about the cost, make sure to ask). If you choose to take a rental car,
     Golling is very convenient to reach (~25min) from the airport: follow the
     A10 highway in direction of "Villach" and take the exit in Golling.

 - **Car:** Golling has its own highway exit and is therefore convenient to
     reach (for example: ~25min from Salzburg).

### Where to Stay?

We will try to help you with finding accomodations. If you want recommendations,
please let us know as soon as possible and we will make sure that everyone finds
a good place.

### What to do?

Let's be honest: Golling and its surroundings are a damn nice place. It's why
we're marrying there. **If you have the time: try to come a few days early --
and let us know!** If we know that people are there ahead of time, we'll try to
organise fun stuff, like hiking or a guided tour of Salzburg.
    

#### Golling

Golling is tiny, but it has lots to offer if you like hiking, cycling, or food.

##### **Salzach Gorge:**

A short (but stunning) hike is to take a bus to <a
href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=47.58421&mlon=13.18276#map=18/47.58421/13.18276"
target="_blank">Golling/Salzach Pichler</a>, walk across the Lammer river
brigde, walk up the hill, and see the "Salzach Öfen". The hiking path starts <a
href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=47.57985&mlon=13.18537#map=19/47.57985/13.18537">just
before the brige accross the Salzach river</a>. The hiking path can be a bit
slippery when it's rainy, but you'll be rewarded, check out some pictures on the
<a href="https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salzach%C3%B6fen" target="_blank">german
wikipedia page</a>. There's a restaurant at the top, we recommend the view and
their deer ragout, or anything with mushrooms (aka "Knödel") and/or dumplings.

![Salzach Gorge](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3f/Salzachoefen_20040828.jpg/311px-Salzachoefen_20040828.jpg)

Image Source: <a href="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3f/Salzachoefen_20040828.jpg">wikimedia</a>.

##### **Bluntau Valley:**

A long, but flat hike (try to borrow a bike!) is to hike to the lakes in the <a
href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=47.5776&mlon=13.1396#map=16/47.5776/13.1396"
target="_blank">Bluntau valley</a>, a valley that has two beautiful lakes, lots
of forests, and is surrounded by mountains. In a recent TV show on Austrian
television, this was elected as one of the most beautiful places in the province
of Salzburg. We recommend to combine this with a stay at Golling's nicest beer
garden at <a
href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=47.58914&mlon=13.15219#map=19/47.58914/13.15219"
target="_blank">Gasthof Göllhof</a>. For an Austrian speciality, try <a
href="https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/S%C3%BClze" target="_blank">Sülze</a> --
essentially meat in aspic.

![Bluntau Valley](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b7/Bluntausee.JPG/320px-Bluntausee.JPG)

Image Source: <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bluntausee.JPG">wikimedia</a>.

##### **Joch Almen/Stahlhaus:**

The Joch Almen are two cottages, quite high up in the mountains, where local
farmers keep their cows during the summer. The cheese that they make and sell
there is outstanding (really!), but doesn't even come close to the landscape.
Additionally, you will pass through the Bluntau valley (see above), which is a
sight in its own right. If the Joch Almen aren't enough of a challenge, you can
hike some more by walking all the way to the German border, where you'll find
the Stahlhaus, an alpine hut named after a guy called "Karl von Stahl". Can't
make this shit up. They serve food and drink and you can even stay there over
night.

**Warning**, this is quite a hike, you should be moderately fit to attempt this.
If you make it to the upper Joch Alm on a mountain bike (proof required, and use
a helmet!), Stephan will buy you a drink.

![Stahlhaus](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/Schneibstein_Blick_hinab_ins_Torrener_Joch_mit_Stahlhaus.jpg/640px-Schneibstein_Blick_hinab_ins_Torrener_Joch_mit_Stahlhaus.jpg?uselang=de)

Stahlhaus from above, Image Source: <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Carl-von-Stahl-Haus?uselang=de#/media/File:Schneibstein_Blick_hinab_ins_Torrener_Joch_mit_Stahlhaus.jpg">wikimedia</a>.

#### Food

...

#### Around Golling

#### Salzburg

Nearby Salzburg has a beautiful old town, a monastery full of jolly, beer
brewing monks (Stephan's favourite), clubs, concerts, pretty churches. Did we
mention the beer brewing monks?

